By accessing and using the Digital Platforms and/or using or purchasing our Products & Services, you are agreeing to be bound by these Website and Mobile App Terms of Use (the “Website and Mobile App Terms of Use” or “Terms”) without modification, limitation or qualification.  Please read them carefully.  Please also note that we may, in our sole discretion, modify or revise these Terms at any time by updating the text of this page, and you will be bound by any such modification or revision from that point forward.  You should therefore visit this page periodically to review the Terms.  Your continued access, use, browsing or purchasing via our Digital Platforms following the posting of changes to the Terms means that you accept those modifications or revisions. We will take appropriate measures to inform you of material changes to the Terms, consistent with the significance of the changes we make, including by email or by notification on our Digital Platforms.  If you do not agree with the changes, you should notify us and immediately stop using the Digital Platforms.  You can see when these Terms have been last updated by checking the “Last Revised” date displayed on the top of these Terms.

We often make Products & Services available to you through the Digital Platforms and when we do additional terms and conditions may apply.  Such additional terms will be presented to you at the time of digital access to the applicable Products & Services.  Those additional terms are hereby incorporated by reference into these Terms and become part of your agreement with us if you use, download or purchase those Products & Services (as applicable).  In the event of a conflict between these Terms and those additional terms, the latter will control.  For the avoidance of doubt, and merely by way of example, your purchase of non-auction wine, spirits and other alcoholic beverages through the Website will be subject to our Retail Conditions of Sale and your participation in any Acker auction (including by bidding using the Digital Platforms) will be subject to the Conditions of Sale applicable to the relevant auction, found here.

1. USING OUR WEBSITE.
The Digital Platforms allow for browsing and online shopping of and access to our Products & Services (including retail purchases and placing bids at our live and online auctions).  They also provide news and valuable information about our Products & Services, including, without limitation, data, articles, publications, videos, products, graphics, photographs, video, sound, audio clips, digital downloads, text, images, icons, coding, scripts, software, pictures and other material (collectively, “Content” or “Contents”).  The Contents of the Digital Platforms are owned and controlled by Acker or by third parties that have licensed their Content to us.

Warning:  Our Products & Services relate to the advertisement and promotion, sale and auction of wine, spirits and other alcoholic beverages.  By accessing, using, browsing or purchasing Products & Services on the Digital Platforms, you represent that you are at least 21 years of age.  You further represent that upon purchasing Products via the Digital Platforms, you will ensure that the shipment and delivery of your purchase is received by a person at least 21 years of age.

2. LIMITED LICENSE.
 Subject to the restrictions and limitations set forth in these Terms, we grant you a limited, non-exclusive license to access and use the Digital Platforms for your own personal internal use.  You are permitted to download no more than single copies or prints of the Contents for your personal and non-commercial use, or in the case of dealers, to display to your clients solely for purposes of facilitating a transaction with us.

3. PROHIBITIONS ON USE.
You must obtain our prior written consent for any other reproduction of the Contents of the Digital Platforms or any portion thereof.  The following activities are also expressly prohibited without Acker’s prior written permission:

You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout or form) of Acker, without our prior written consent.  You may not use any meta tags or any other “hidden text” utilizing Acker’s name or trademarks without our prior written consent.